### My Thoughts on Both Sessions
Comparing both sessions, Session 2 with the Mollick structured tutor prompt definitely felt more like a tutor and like I was talking to a person than Session 1 where it was unstructured. Some main differences I noticed was that Session 1 had much longer formats and was a lot of information all at once while Session 2 seemed much more tailored with shorter responses. I felt like the tutor in Session 2 cared about me more and was definitely more concerned with my progress by asking at first for example how I execute a wing. However, I thought it was interesting and almost funny how the tutor in Session 2 stopped when I said that I wanted a cupcake instead of insisting more on evidence of student understanding from the prompt. For Session 1, it did not feel like the chatbot was invested in my progress at all, but focused on trying to teach me the basics. I did catch the model providing wrong answers for step explanations at times and corrected it. When I was going a little off track, I thought that Session 1 did a good job of trying to keep me focused on tap dancing while Session 2 just ended after I said that I wanted a cupcake because it sensed that I was not focused anymore. 

In terms of actual tutoring communication, I think that Session 2 definitely seemed more like a person, but I think that the skill I chose was hard because tap dancing is a physical activity. It's difficult for a chatbot to teach new steps, but I was able to understand the descriptions that they gave. Session 1 did not feel like a tutoring session, but more just like I was searching online and came across a lot of tailored information. 

For Session 3, I just wanted to see if I could end the session early without proof of progress and I added a little more to the Mollick prompt to emphasize that the tutor cannot end the session without proof. However, it does not seem like the model is too pushy with continuing the session because after 3 prompts of me wanting to end the session, the tutor stopped the session without any proof that I learned anything.